# Enrollment System - TODO List

## Admin

- [x] Admin create accounts

## Applicant Management

- [x] Applicant consent
- [x] Delete applicant
- [x] View details - score record
- [x] Reject reason

## Schedule Management

- [x] Taker number in schedule
- [x] View examinee in schedule
- [x] Edit schedule

## Admission Process

- [x] Access control of proctors
- [x] Linear to non-linear process

## Communication

- [ ] Email notifications
- [x] print applicant
- [x] print admission
- [x] print each process
- [x] print schedule

## Dashboard / Statistics

- [x] Admission stats

- [x] official Students
- [x] Apply number
- [x] Interview number
- [x] Exam number
- [x] Final Eval num
- [x] Feeder school

## registrar Management

- [ ] Assign prospectus
- [ ] Manual grade registration
- [x] revise prospectus

## Departments

- [x] landing page
- [x] rename all user controller
- [x] department user controller
- [x] create view
- [x] connect web

- [x] student list
- [x] enlistment
    - [ ] enroll student
    - [ ] view assessment
- [ ] subject offering
    - [ ] search by propectus
    - [ ] search subject
- [x] select academic term

    heres todo (all in department module):

the student view. remove the assesment button.

 create another view, connect it to the web and sibar, name enlistment. here is similar to student list. but instead of details and edit button. it should be view subject (do nothing for now). the whole row should be a clickable (a feature for easy click).

i changed the status in student table. so all the dropped down that uses status should be updated

create table 'subject_offering' with id, academic_term_id, subject_id,department_id,code,description fields. and table enlistment with id,student_id,academic_term_id,subject_offering_id and final grade field.

in subject offering view.
2 section, on left is a table of prospectus, on the right is a table of subject offering 'id','code','description','units','final grade','action' column. theres a place holder alrady. the tabble of prospectus is there already. so just fix the width of the section it should be 50/50

also, in department sidebar. when enlistment and subject offering is clicked, theres a modal that has a dropdown saying select a academic term. on comfirm, then proceed to the views. then the selected academic term is stored in that views (to be used later).

